Bring Welcome and Overview pages to the style guide. (#592)
iotaledger/iota.rs: docs/overview/README.md

# Overview

> To communicate with the IOTA network, you have to connect and interact with a [node](https://chrysalis.docs.iota.org/node-software/node-software.html). This library, the IOTA Client, wraps routine tasks and minute details into its tidy API. It will generate addresses for you, send messages, sign and send transactions, and more.

Reviewer: Just for consistency's sake, are we capitalizing "Client", fullstop or only in some cases?

Reviewer 2: or 
```suggestion
To communicate with the IOTA network, you have to connect and interact with a [node](https://chrysalis.docs.iota.org/node-software/node-software.html). The IOTA Client library wraps routine tasks and minute details into its tidy API. It will generate addresses for you, send messages, sign and send transactions, and more.
```

> Beyond establishing the initial connection to a node, iota.rs has no state. Operations use only the data that you pass during a call and have no effect on your software beyond returning a value. You are in full control of the data flow in your application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Beyond establishing the initial connection to a node, iota.rs has no state. Operations only use the data that you pass during a call and have no effect on your software beyond returning a value. You are in full control of the data flow in your application.
```

Author: Charles had the same suggestion and we discussed it in Slack DMs :sweat_smile: I keep it this way to avoid ambiguity (again): "operations just use data and don't do anything else with it" vs "operations use nothing but data"

> Beyond establishing the initial connection to a node, Client has no state. Operations use only the data that you pass during the call and have no effect on your code or the client instance beyond returning a value. You are in full control of the data flow in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond establishing the initial connection to a node, the Client is stateless. Operations only use the data that you pass during the call and have no effect on your code or the client instance beyond returning a value. You are in full control of the data flow in your application.
```

Author: There is some controversy brewing among the devs whenever we call it stateless or not.

Isn't the initial version the correct one? "Operations only use the data" - operations only use data but don't do anything else with it, "Operations use only the data that you pass" - operations use the data that you pass and nothing else, which is what I intended to say. The former version could mean both, and the latter is not ambiguous.

Reviewer: That checks out, the stateless thing I mean. It pops up in content from time to time.

And yes, with the clarification, that helps; keep the OG version!

> Beyond establishing the initial connection to a node, Client has no state. Operations only use the data that you pass during the call. Operations have no effect on the client instance or your code beyond returning a value. You are in full control of the data flow in your application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Beyond establishing the initial connection to a node, Client has no state. Operations only use the data that you pass during a call. Operations have no effect on the client instance, or your code, beyond returning a value. You are in full control of the data flow in your application.
```

> This approach makes Client easier for you to use and understand, and for us to develop and maintain. But since you are in full control of the data management, you also fully responsible for it. It could feel tedious or overwhelming if you have to manage complex or sensitive data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach makes the Client easier for you to use and understand, and for us to develop and maintain. But since you are in full control of the data management, you also fully responsible for it. It could feel tedious or overwhelming if you have to manage complex or sensitive data.
```

> If you plan on managing funds in your application, take a look at our [wallet.rs](https://wallet-lib.docs.iota.org/) library instead. It already includes our best security practices and can build and store wallets and manage token transactions. The wallet.rs library uses iota.rs to communicate with the IOTA network, and [stronghold.rs](https://stronghold.docs.iota.org/) to store sensitive data. Unlike iota.rs, it has a state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you plan on managing funds in your application, take a look at our [wallet.rs](https://wallet-lib.docs.iota.org/) library instead. It already includes our best security practices, it can build and store wallets, and manage token transactions. The wallet.rs library uses iota.rs to communicate with the IOTA network, and [stronghold.rs](https://stronghold.docs.iota.org/) to store sensitive data. Unlike iota.rs, it has a state.
```

> If you plan on managing funds in your application, take a look at our [IOTA wallet](https://wallet-lib.docs.iota.org/) library instead. It already includes our best security practices and can build and store wallets and manage token transactions. Wallet uses Client to communicate with the IOTA network, and [Stronghold](https://stronghold.docs.iota.org/) to store sensitive data. Unlike Client, it has a state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan on managing funds in your application, take a look at our [IOTA wallet](https://wallet-lib.docs.iota.org/) library. It includes our best security practices and can build and store wallets and manage token transactions. The wallet uses the Client to communicate with the IOTA network, and [Stronghold](https://stronghold.docs.iota.org/) to store sensitive data. Unlike the Client, it has a state.
```

> If you plan on managing funds in your application, take a look at our [IOTA wallet](https://wallet-lib.docs.iota.org/) library instead. It can build and store a wallet and send a token transaction, and it already includes our best practices. Wallet uses Client to communicate with the IOTA network, and [Stronghold](https://stronghold.docs.iota.org/) to store sensitive data. Unlike Client, it has a state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you plan on managing funds in your application, take a look at our [IOTA wallet](https://wallet-lib.docs.iota.org/) library instead. It can build and store a wallet, send a token transaction, and it includes our best practices. Wallet uses Client to communicate with the IOTA network, and [Stronghold](https://stronghold.docs.iota.org/) to store sensitive data. Unlike Client, it has a state.
```

## Supported Languages

> We have implemented the iota.rs library in Rust and prepared bindings for JavaScript and Python. The API stays the same no matter the language you choose, as we aim to make our libraries equally simple to use across all supported languages. You can read more on reasoning behind this design in this [blog post](https://blog.iota.org/the-new-iota-client-libraries-harder-better-faster-stronger/).

Reviewer 3: We also have Java now

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have implemented the iota.rs library in Rust and prepared bindings for JavaScript and Python. As we aim to make our libraries equally simple to use across all supported languages, the API is the same no matter which language you choose. You can read more on reasoning behind this design in this [blog post](https://blog.iota.org/the-new-iota-client-libraries-harder-better-faster-stronger/).
```

Author: Included Java. With heavy heart, removed reasoning why we do rust+bindings vs 5 different libraries. It is trivial for veterans and confusing for newbies. Couldn't find a good place for it here.

> We have implemented the IOTA client library in Rust and prepared bindings for JavaScript and Python. The API stays the same no matter the language you choose, as we aim to make our libraries equally simple to use across all supported languages. You can read more on reasoning behind this design in this [blog post](https://blog.iota.org/the-new-iota-client-libraries-harder-better-faster-stronger/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have implemented the IOTA client library in Rust and prepared bindings for JavaScript and Python. The API stays the same no matter which language you choose, as we aim to make our libraries simple to use across all supported languages. You can read more on reasoning behind this design in this [blog post](https://blog.iota.org/the-new-iota-client-libraries-harder-better-faster-stronger/).
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have implemented the IOTA client library in Rust and prepared bindings for JavaScript and Python. The API stays the same no matter which language you choose, as we aim to make our libraries simple to use across all supported languages. You can read more on the reasoning behind this design in this [blog post](https://blog.iota.org/the-new-iota-client-libraries-harder-better-faster-stronger/).
```

## Your Application In the IOTA Network

> Your application communicates with iota.rs either directly or through a node.js or python binding. The iota.rs library turns your requests into REST API calls and sends them to a node through the Internet. The node, in turn, interacts with the rest of an IOTA network, which could be the main operational network (mainnet) or a network for testing purposes (devnet).

Reviewer 4: SAA, Java needs to be mentioned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your application communicates with iota.rs directly, or through a node.js or python binding. The iota.rs library turns your requests into REST API calls and sends them to a node through the Internet. The node, in turn, interacts with the rest of an IOTA network, which could be the main operational network (mainnet) or a network for testing purposes (devnet).
```

> Your application communicates with the IOTA client library either directly or through a node.js or python binding. Client turns your requests into REST API calls and sends them to a node through the Internet. The node, in turn, interacts with the rest of an IOTA network, which could be the main operational network (mainnet) or a network for testing purposes (devnet).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your application communicates with the IOTA client library either directly, or through a node.js or python binding. The Client turns your requests into REST API calls and sends them to a node through the Internet. The node, in turn, interacts with the rest of an IOTA network, which could be the main operational network (mainnet) or a network for testing purposes (devnet).
```

> Different nodes could run on a different software, but they always expose the same interface to clients. For example, one node could be a [Hornet](https://hornet.docs.iota.org/) node and the other could be a [Bee](https://bee.docs.iota.org/) node, and they both would work the same for any client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Different nodes could run on a different software, but they always expose the same interface to clients. For example, one node could be a [Hornet](https://hornet.docs.iota.org/) node, and the other could be a [Bee](https://bee.docs.iota.org/) node, but both would appear the same for any client.
```

> ![An illustration for the text above.](./layered_overview.svg "An overview of IOTA layers.")

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we could replace "An illustration for the text above" with "An overview of IOTA layers." as it's more descriptive.

> Your application communicates with the IOTA client library either directly or through a node.js or python binding. Client turns your requests into REST API calls and sends them to a node through the Internet. The node, in turn, interacts with the rest of an IOTA network, which could be the main operational network (mainnet) or a network for testing purposes (devnet).
> 
> Different nodes could run on a different software, but they always expose the same interface to clients. For example, one node could be a [Hornet](https://hornet.docs.iota.org/) node and the other could be a [Bee](https://bee.docs.iota.org/) node, and they both would appear the same for any client.
> 
> ![An illustration for the text above.](./layered_overview.svg "An overview of IOTA layers.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your application communicates with the IOTA client library either directly, through a node.js, or by python binding. The Client turns your requests into REST API calls and sends them to a node through the Internet. The node, in turn, interacts with the rest of an IOTA network, which could be the main operational network (mainnet) or a network for testing purposes (devnet).

It should be noted that different nodes could run on a different software, but they always expose the same interface to clients. For example, one node could be a [Hornet](https://hornet.docs.iota.org/) node and the other could be a [Bee](https://bee.docs.iota.org/) node, and they both would appear the same for any client.

![An illustration for the text above.](./layered_overview.svg "An overview of IOTA layers.")
```

Author: I've meant "either directly or indirectly, through a node.js or a python binding". Is my submission looks confusing?

I don't think that l19 should be noted more than the rest of the article. If anything, it should be noted less as this is a simple factoid to encourage further read beyound client libs.

Reviewer: It read more like more of a list to me at the time, hence the commas. If you add the "either directly or indirectly", it might help; again, just a suggestion!

The "it should be noted" is more of a "soft" note, not explicitly calling something out like we would do in a breakaway note. Like something you'd mention in passing if that makes sense?

## API Design

> The IOTA client library exposes operations of two types. Clients interact with nodes by calling their REST API, and the first group of operations mirrors the available calls. As you invoke an operation, it directly translates into a REST call to a node. For a full list, see the [node's REST API reference](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rufsam/protocol-rfcs/master/text/0026-rest-api/rest-api.yaml). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The IOTA client library exposes two types of operations. Clients interact with nodes by calling their REST API, and the first group of operations mirrors the available calls. When you invoke an operation, it directly translates into a REST call to a node. For a full list, see the [node's REST API reference](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rufsam/protocol-rfcs/master/text/0026-rest-api/rest-api.yaml). 
```

Author: It could be misinterpreted as "you have two classes/types of operation objects" for a brief moment. I have rewritten the other sentence.

> Operations from the first group tend to be too atomic and basic to use them in a convenient way. The second group provides you with higher-level helper functions. These functions represent an actual task and combine multiple basic operations internally. For example, you can get your token balance by calling `getBalance`. It first calls `getAddresses`, then it calls `getAddressBalances` over associated addresses, and sums the results to return the total balance. See the [full specification](../specs) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Operations from the first group tend to be too atomic and basic to use in a convenient way. The second group provides higher-level helper functions. These functions represent an actual task and combine multiple basic operations internally. For example, you can get your token balance by calling `getBalance`. It first calls `getAddresses`, then it calls `getAddressBalances` over associated addresses, and adds the results to return the total balance. See the [full specification](../specs) for details.
```

> The IOTA client library exposes operations of two types. Clients interact with nodes by calling their REST API, and the first group of operations mirrors the available calls. As you invoke an operation, it directly translates into a REST call to a node. For a full list, see the [node's REST API reference](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rufsam/protocol-rfcs/master/text/0026-rest-api/rest-api.yaml). 
> 
> Operations from the first group tend to be too atomic and basic to use them in a convenient way. The second group battles that by providing you with helper functions. These functions represent an actual task and combine multiple basic operations internally. For example, you can get your token balance by calling `getBalance(seed)`. It first calls `getAddresses(seed)`, then it calls `getAddressBalances` over associated addresses, and sums the results to return the total balance. See the [full specification](../specs) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IOTA client library exposes operations of two types: Clients interact with nodes by calling their REST API and the first group of operations mirrors the available calls. As you invoke an operation, it directly translates into a REST call to a node. For a full list, see the [node's REST API reference](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rufsam/protocol-rfcs/master/text/0026-rest-api/rest-api.yaml). 

Operations from the first group tend to be too atomic and basic to use them in a convenient way. The second group balances this by providing you with helper functions. These functions represent an actual task and combine multiple basic operations internally. For example, you can get your token balance by calling `getBalance(seed)`. It first calls `getAddresses(seed)`, then it calls `getAddressBalances` over associated addresses, and sums the results to return the total balance. See the [full specification](../specs) for details.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Operations from the first group tend to be too atomic and basic to use them conveniently. To make this process more convenient, the second group provides helper functions which wrap multiple atomic operations in a single handler. These functions represent an actual task, and combine multiple basic operations internally. For example, you can get your token balance by calling `getBalance(seed)`. To do so, `getBalance(seed)` will start by calling `getAddresses(seed)`, after which it will call `getAddressBalances` for associated addresses, and finally add the results to return the total balance. See the [full specification](../specs) for details.
```
